docs(json-schema): fix link to container sizes (#388)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _scalingo_json_schema/index.md

| field    | type    | description                                                            |
| -------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| amount   | integer | Number of containers to start once the application is deployed         |

> | size     | string  | Container size `name` ([get the list of sizes](https://doc.scalingo.com/platform/internals/container-sizes)) |

Reviewer: We actually want to target the documentation page explaining the API endpoint to list container sizes.

```suggestion
| size     | string  | Container size `name` ([get the list of sizes](/container_sizes#list-the-container-sizes-available)) |
```
